---
layout: post
title: Random ramblings | 05-12-2024
permalink: /17794/
---
## Notes for this day

### 08:37

Just saw that MilkyTracker got a major
[update](https://milkytracker.org/news/2024/11/25/version-1.05). I've been
switching between Renoise and FastTrackerII for a while and not given Milky much
thought. Having checked out the new features videos it looks like it's time to
get into it!

Something about December that makes me want to play videogames, it used to be
the season where new games would come in, birthday + christmas. So just hanging
around playing NES games sort of gets me in the December mood.

There is a fantastic reverse engineering of Ocarina of Time, called [Ship of
Harkinian](https://www.shipofharkinian.com/) so that it can be run on any
platform with fancy shaders and whatnot. Bluetooth connected PS5 controller and
headphones, made for a fantastic Zelda session. I might actually finish Ocarina
of Time this way (never did finish it, even though I have made my way through
most of it on N64 and the GameCube Collectors Edition). The same team have also
worked on Majora's Mask - I'll be playing through that as well at some point.


### 09:41

Here's a great [writeup](https://cdm.link/milkytracker-free-105/) of the MilkyTracker update, going to get this up and running on all my machines now - going to pair nicely with the X220 and that lush keyboard. Getting into the workflow using the keyboard only is the end goal here. Entering a flow state where you don't have to think about interacting with the software, just have headphones and create sequences, that's the dream.

I can almost feel the room emptying from all the stuff I can sell off if this
works out!
