---
layout: post
title: Random ramblings | 27-02-2025
permalink: /18409/
---
## Notes for this day

### 09:46

There's an incredible piece of software called [Rebirth
RB-338](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/ReBirth_RB-338) from 1997 that I've loved
and played with since 97 - But mostly on the surface though, I never dove into
the song mode or anything, just made basic patterns and messed around with the
mouse. I've now spend a few evenings with the manual and an old midi controller
(Korg nanoKontrol) and have been mapping the RB-338 midi controls to the
nanoKontrol (uploading it to the device). I now have a pretty nice controller
for the app that's permanently on there. The midi controller has 9 faders and
knobs, along with two buttons for each "lane" - but it's actually 4x that
because of the scenes button. So this way I can have the 2 303's on scene 1, the
808 on scene 2, the 909 on scene 3 and then general mixing and effects on scene
4. And let me tell you it's glorious!

Being able to tweak multiple knobs and the same time for both 303 is amazing,
and I can program patterns in to the drum machines while also having fader
volume control for each drum - I'm just blown away how fun this is now.

Since this is very old software, made for old Windows, I'm using Wine on Linux
to run the thing and the inputs in Bitwig are setup to accept the audio from
RB-338. I will use this setup to live perform long form Acid Techno sessions. I
might upload those to Youtube and for sure to BandCamp. I might compile
something to put on bandcamp even, in album form.

